Django sandwich challenge (#20)
Justice-Through-Code/fall_2021: challenges/django_sandwich_challenge/README.md

# Meats & Cheeses Return! Django challenge

In this challenge, you'll build on the Django sandwich app demonstrated in today's lesson to add a few more features! 

## Challenge steps

### Setup
1. Download this zip file containing the sandwich app from class. 
    * Unzip the file and make sure to put the whole folder `mysite` into the `django_apps` folder inside personal folder in your pod repo
    * Make sure you're on a new branch in your pod repo

> 2. Make a new virtual environment with `venv` for this app in the `mysite` folder, and activate it. Then use `pip install django` to install django

Reviewer: You can use the same environment setup in the first Django challenge. I was imagining the structure like this:
```
django-projects/
    django-env/
        bin/activate
    mysite/
        manage.py
        mysite/
        myapp/
        sandwich/

```

Author: ```suggestion
2. Make a new virtual environment with `venv` for this app in the `django_projects` folder, and activate it. Then use `pip install django` to install django. Your folder should look like this now:

```console
django-projects/
    django-env/
        bin/activate
    mysite/
        manage.py
        mysite/
        myapp/
        sandwich/
```
```
